.\" Manpage for pdb_check_maxvalue.
.nh
.na
.TH PDB_CHECK_MAXVALUE 1 "2013 Nov 21"
.SH NAME
pdb_check_maxvalue \- runs a check to insure that no values are coming close to reaching a limit for any of the integer values
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pdb_check_maxvalue
.B [
.I OPTION
.B ]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Check for max values in all columns of integer types that have reached N pct of the maximum value for that type of integer.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-H\fR HOSTNAME, \fB\-\-hostname\fR HOSTNAME
Name of host to connect to. (default: None)
.TP
\fB\-P\fR PORT, \fB\-\-port\fR PORT
The port to be used when connecting to host. (default:
3306)
.TP
\fB\-u\fR USER, \fB\-\-user\fR USER
The username to be used when connecting to host.
(default: None)
.TP
\fB\-p\fR PASSWORD, \fB\-\-password\fR PASSWORD
The password to be used when connecting to host.
(default: None)
.TP
\fB\-d\fR USE_DBS, \fB\-\-use\-dbs\fR USE_DBS
A comma\-separated list of db names to be inspected.
(default: None)
.TP
\fB\-i\fR IGNORE_DBS, \fB\-\-ignore\-dbs\fR IGNORE_DBS
A comma\-separated list of db names to be ignored.
(default: None)
.TP
\fB\-T\fR THREADS, \fB\-\-threads\fR THREADS
Number of threads to spawn. (default: 2)
.TP
\fB\-e\fR EXCLUDE_COLUMNS, \fB\-\-exclude\-columns\fR EXCLUDE_COLUMNS
Specify columns to exclude in the following format:
schema1.table1=col1,col2,colN;schemaN.tableN=colN;...
(default: None)
.TP
\fB\-\-row\-count\-max\-ratio\fR ROW_COUNT_MAX_RATIO
If table row count ratio is less than this value,
columns for this table are excluded from display.
(default: 50)
.TP
\fB\-\-display\-row\-count\-max\-ratio\-columns\fR
In separate section, display columns containing high
values compared to maximum for the column datatype,
but row count ratio is less than the value of \fB\-\-rowcount\-max\-ratio\fR. (default: False)
.TP
\fB\-\-results\-host\fR RESULTS_HOST
Results database hostname. (default: None)
.TP
\fB\-\-results\-database\fR RESULTS_DATABASE
Results database name. (default: None)
.TP
\fB\-\-results\-user\fR RESULTS_USER
Results database username. (default: None)
.TP
\fB\-\-results\-password\fR RESULTS_PASSWORD
Results database password. (default: None)
.TP
\fB\-\-results\-port\fR RESULTS_PORT
Results database port. (default: None)
.TP
\fB\-\-scan\-all\-columns\fR
All columns are searched. (default: False)
.TP
\fB\-\-secondary\-keys\fR
Secondary keys are also searched. (default: False)
.TP
\fB\-w\fR WARNING, \fB\-\-warning\fR WARNING
Warning threshold. (default: 100.0)
.TP
\fB\-c\fR CRITICAL, \fB\-\-critical\fR CRITICAL
Critical threshold. (default: 100.0)
.TP
\fB\-L\fR LOGGING_CONFIG, \fB\-\-logging\-config\fR LOGGING_CONFIG
Logging configuration file. (default: None)
